TINY-9794: pressing enter in an empty line with only a format in a blockquote should leave the blockquote (#8722)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Whitespace between transparent elements would incorrectly be converted into empty paragraphs. #TINY-9761
- Pressing arrow keys inside RTL elements would move the caret in an incorrect direction when moving over elements with the `contenteditable` attribute set to `false`. #TINY-9565
- Inserting table consecutively without focus in the editor would result in the table being inserted at the wrong position. #TINY-3909

> - Pressing enter in `<blockquote><p><strong>&#xFEFF;</strong></p></blockquote>` create a newline instead of remove `blockquote`. #TINY-9794

Reviewer: Maybe just skip some details, for example
```suggestion
- In some cases, the exiting a `blockquote` element could fail when the cursor was positioned at the end of the `blockquote`. #TINY-9794
```

Author: done
